he's got obedience titles and all that
is his problems are the dog aggressive
or attempt to focus xqe nice serious dog
aggression but it's I've really spanked
down hard on it what'll videos photos
who's more than your husband
now is good
and he's working through the stress
working for the newness of the Colorado
lat and he's just getting more used to
it learning more about what's expected
of them on that um you know it's um it's
what's the biggest what's the biggest
difference you've seen so far in the
last 20 minutes oh just let's fight more
cooperation it's well it's I should be
able to take this I can't expect that
I'll have to work through a little bit
of a triple period with them but um you
know I should be able to take this and
move it and perfect some of the other
parts and all that I want to get you
know I'm going to get a better focus get
a little better healing um make sure
he's not terribly GOG aggressive but I
you know stamp that down i just want to
give him something else to do the bike
it means better focus on my face
oh you going to Branson and it's on a
regular and it's on a regular basis I
mean if there is a good there's a very
good example or you have you know we
have to change owns run that's ten years
and happened and what's changed the dog
did just mature in the last 14 hours
right I mean it didn't just miraculous
and change he's had a column before this
yeah the whole difference was as
changing with her approach and he's
learned to maintain this he's not
waiting for the dog to be the dogs his
problem where education so no eye
contact all yesterday not yeah I had
work for month month month from your
phone very nice to feel there you can
turn into you know my challenge you know
and if I try to discipline them for all
they got was a set down dog you know and
obviously there was no way I could get
it you know any other way besides just
calling me you know it did their process
it's not you know he's making the
comments about this caller you don't you
just but why I'm bought this hollering
you have a collar before I got here so
it's the approach to training much more
so it is going out and just combining
the power oh yeah you know you get it
get to who taught how to use this call
you know it's not just a split for the
dog it looks a lot better like I said
the dogs 10 I'm talks like he's like a
baby now all right go ahead to walk her
back over there
you